Nan Nan Yingying is my daughter
You embarrass him like this
Didn't you hit your second uncle in the face?
Uncle, aren't you here to apologize?
So does an apology look like an apology?
I'm just tit for tat
Why are you embarrassing him?
Innocent Innocent
Didn't do you any harm?
Not as aggressive as you
Are you making it difficult for him?
Then it seems that the second uncle misunderstood
The reason I say it's tit for tat.
That's because he did the same to me before
If you kneel on the ground now
Kowtow and get sick
You asked my daughter to kneel for you
I don't have Mrs. Su
I didn't know he was the size of the Su family before
Fairy, don't you kneel down for me?
Not the Su family
Can the eldest lady bully people casually?
I've told you many times before that I am
But you don't believe me?
When you're doing everything a slut can do
When you hold the hand of Orphan City
Wei time
When you bite a bitch
Have you ever imagined today